DOCSP-44611: v6.10 (#920)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 6.1 <version-6.1>`
* :ref:`Version 6.0 <version-6.0>`

.. _version-6.10:

What's New in 6.10
------------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.10 release is the first official release to support all {+mdb-server+}
8.0 features, and includes the following:

- Support for {+mdb-server+} 3.6 has been removed.

- Adds support for the new {+mdb-server+} 8.0 bulk write API, which supports bulk write
  operations across multiple databases and collections in a single call.

- The driver now allows SRV hostnames with fewer than three parts separated by ``.``
  characters.

> - You can now use the explain option to retrieve an accurate ``maxTimeMS`` value for
>   CRUD commands. The explain options for find and aggregate operations have been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports the ``explain`` option to retrieve an accurate ``maxTimeMS`` value for
  CRUD commands to describe the operation time (?). The ``explain`` options for find and
  aggregation operations are deprecated.
```

* :ref:`Version 6.1 <version-6.1>`
* :ref:`Version 6.0 <version-6.0>`

.. _version-6.10:

What's New in 6.10
------------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.10 release is the first official release to support all {+mdb-server+}
8.0 features, and includes the following improvements and fixes:

- Removes support for {+mdb-server+} 3.6.

> - Adds support for the new {+mdb-server+} 8.0 bulk write API, which supports bulk write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for the {+mdb-server+} 8.0 bulk write API, which supports bulk write
```

  operations across multiple databases and collections in a single call.

- Allows SRV hostnames with fewer than three parts separated by ``.``

>   characters. For example, the driver now supports hostnames like
>   ``mongodb+srv://mongodb.local``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  characters. For example, the driver now supports hostnames such as
  ``mongodb+srv://mongodb.local``.
```
